NAME                                          VERSION           TYPE     
Azure.Core                                    1.31.0            dotnet    
Azure.Storage.Common                          12.15.0           dotnet    
Azure.Storage.Files.Shares                    12.14.0           dotnet    
FluentFTP                                     52.1.0            dotnet    
Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces                 1.1.1             dotnet    
Microsoft.NETCore.App.Runtime.linux-musl-x64  9.0.9             dotnet    
Newtonsoft.Json                               13.0.3            dotnet    
SharpCompress                                 0.40.0            dotnet    
System.IO.Hashing                             6.0.0             dotnet    
System.Memory.Data                            1.0.2             dotnet    
WG.azure                                      3.0.0             dotnet    
WG.donators                                   3.1.0             dotnet    
WG.logger                                     2.0.0             dotnet    
WG.timezone                                   1.0.0             dotnet    
WG.xmltv                                      2.0.0             dotnet    
WebGrab+Plus                                  1.0.0             dotnet    
ZstdSharp.Port                                0.8.5             dotnet    
acl-libs                                      2.3.2-r1          apk       
alpine-baselayout                             3.7.0-r0          apk       
alpine-baselayout-data                        3.7.0-r0          apk       
alpine-keys                                   2.5-r0            apk       
alpine-release                                3.22.1-r0         apk       
apk-tools                                     2.14.9-r3         apk       
bash                                          5.2.37-r0         apk       
brotli-libs                                   1.1.0-r2          apk       
busybox                                       1.37.0-r19        apk       
busybox-binsh                                 1.37.0-r19        apk       
c-ares                                        1.34.5-r0         apk       
ca-certificates                               20250619-r0       apk       
ca-certificates-bundle                        20250619-r0       apk       
catatonit                                     0.2.1-r0          apk       
coreutils                                     9.7-r1            apk       
coreutils-env                                 9.7-r1            apk       
coreutils-fmt                                 9.7-r1            apk       
coreutils-sha512sum                           9.7-r1            apk       
curl                                          8.14.1-r1         apk       
findutils                                     4.10.0-r0         apk       
icu-data-en                                   76.1-r1           apk       
icu-libs                                      76.1-r1           apk       
iputils                                       20240905-r0       apk       
iputils-arping                                20240905-r0       apk       
iputils-clockdiff                             20240905-r0       apk       
iputils-ping                                  20240905-r0       apk       
iputils-tracepath                             20240905-r0       apk       
jq                                            1.8.0-r0          apk       
libapk2                                       2.14.9-r3         apk       
libattr                                       2.5.2-r2          apk       
libbsd                                        0.12.2-r0         apk       
libcap2                                       2.76-r0           apk       
libcrypto3                                    3.5.2-r0          apk       
libcurl                                       8.14.1-r1         apk       
libgcc                                        14.2.0-r6         apk       
libidn2                                       2.3.7-r0          apk       
libintl                                       0.24.1-r0         apk       
libmd                                         1.1.0-r0          apk       
libncursesw                                   6.5_p20250503-r0  apk       
libproc2                                      4.0.4-r3          apk       
libpsl                                        0.21.5-r3         apk       
libssl3                                       3.5.2-r0          apk       
libstdc++                                     14.2.0-r6         apk       
libunistring                                  1.3-r0            apk       
linux-pam                                     1.7.0-r4          apk       
musl                                          1.2.5-r10         apk       
musl-utils                                    1.2.5-r10         apk       
ncurses-terminfo-base                         6.5_p20250503-r0  apk       
netcat-openbsd                                1.229.1-r0        apk       
nghttp2-libs                                  1.65.0-r0         apk       
oniguruma                                     6.9.10-r0         apk       
procps-ng                                     4.0.4-r3          apk       
readline                                      8.2.13-r1         apk       
scanelf                                       1.3.8-r1          apk       
shadow                                        4.17.3-r0         apk       
skalibs-libs                                  2.14.4.0-r0       apk       
ssl_client                                    1.37.0-r19        apk       
tzdata                                        2025b-r0          apk       
unzip                                         6.0-r15           apk       
utmps-libs                                    0.1.3.1-r0        apk       
xmltv_time_modify                             1.0.0.0           dotnet    
zlib                                          1.3.1-r2          apk       
zstd-libs                                     1.5.7-r0          apk       
